[Music]
welcome back to the play the game Easter
egg guide part two pagina to Thornton
we'll start in the lobby with the movie
posters the first is Faust in the story
of Faustus who was a scholar who sold
his soul for the devil in exchange for
the knowledge of life second his dive
Bismark which is the story about the
british navy attacking a german ship
called the bismarck in 1941 the movie
itself was released in 1960 and gives us
a firm date now for where keener the
totin was set the last film is called
Pygmalion is about a lady named Eliza
Doolittle who came from nothing and was
taught by two phonetic teachers to be a
better spoken young woman the story
involves around each other each other's
bets on which one could pass off as
being in high society unusual choice for
a movie for the German audience but
nonetheless these are Grim Reaper's as
you can see and the final Grim Reaper's
a pair of small hands being dragged away
from the desk which is unusual here are
the radios one found in the chandelier
the others found outside
edit
process
and here are some goodies that we didn't
show you in the first one first this
chalkboard with tomorrow the project
will be move into full production grille
which was an aircraft scene under an
unusual face in the blood virtually
smoke from where this theater may
potentially been bombed Illuminati
checkerboard flooring can be seen in
many Masonic lodges doshas soul bikina
Babs Sun Theater some cinema Manhattan
down ma Nhat T a and D o WN Manhattan
down it relates to something later
it is German in toilets
therefore confirming this is in fact the
German cinema not a cinema sets in
America or anywhere else here's the fire
pit some people did not know that this
was in the map of one of the traps is
now a five-hit from the electrical
barrier this will under debate there's
creepy crawler is wearing shorts it's
not a fucking of monkey knowledge itself
is father taking wonderful some unusual
cases filtered sandal this one isn't
what's in that buck in the case
oh-hoo-hoo-hoo
naughty naughty some people do know how
to get the film so showing the balance
of run into a bedroom grab the film that
better was amongst Bobadilla
fucking uncomfortable way to sleep
is Nikolai will something with his back
what says you there is a an extra wire
being fed into the teller so far though
he's ready concrete boxes do nothing
this is very unusual in this reflection
of this clock you can see something
fairly clear and I will show you what
I'm talking about it perhaps maybe the
rill a lovely picture now can you see
that I hope you can goodbye
[Music]
you